feature(example): Now builds a Docker image thanks to a local Dockerfile (#14)
ash-sxn/GSoC-2023-docker-based-quickstart: experimental_docker_compose_files/02_custom_docker_file_connecting_agent_and_controller/README.md

## Example 2
### Custom Docker File connecting agent and controller 

> This example builds a custom docker image to skip the upgrade wizard, install default plugins, and configure Jenkins with JCasC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example builds a custom docker image to skip the upgrade wizard, installs default plugins, and configures Jenkins with JCasC.
```

### Files 

> * Dockerfile is used to create a custom image from the `jenkins/jenkins` image and copy plugins.txt and jenkins.yaml into the container for plugin installation and JCasC configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The Dockerfile is used to create a custom image from the `jenkins/jenkins` image and copies `plugins.txt` and `jenkins.yaml` into the container for plugins installation and JCasC configuration.
```

> * jenkins_agent_ed is an ed25519 private ssh key used in the setup.
> * jenkins.yaml is a JCasC configuration file that can be edited to customize the build accordingly.
> * plugins.txt is a list of plugins that are installed with the help of jenkins-plugin-cli.
> * The docker-compose.yaml file defines 2 containers, the Jenkins controller and agent, connects them to a network, gets the private key in the controller and public key in the agent, defines a named volume, and also builds the image from the Dockerfile.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `jenkins_agent_ed` is an `ed25519` private ssh key used in the setup.
*` jenkins.yaml` is a JCasC configuration file that can be edited to customize the build accordingly.
* `plugins.txt` is a list of plugins that are installed with the help of [`jenkins-plugin-cli`](https://www.jenkins.io/doc/book/managing/plugins/#install-with-cli).
* The `docker-compose.yaml` file defines two containers: the Jenkins controller and an agent. It then connects them to a common network, sets the private key in the controller and the public key in the agent, defines a named volume, and builds the image from the `Dockerfile`.
```

### Steps to run the example 
* Make sure you are in the `02_custom_docker_file_connecting_agent_and_controller` directory by using the command `pwd`. 

> * Then use the command `docker compose up -d` to run the example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Then use the command `docker compose up -d --build` to run the example.
```

> * Then use the command `docker compose up -d --build` to run the example.

Reviewer 2: Please add the steps to login in here and mention the credentials.

This example builds a custom docker image to skip the upgrade wizard, installs default plugins, and configures Jenkins with JCasC.
### Files 
* The Dockerfile is used to create a custom image from the `jenkins/jenkins` image and copies `plugins.txt` and `jenkins.yaml` into the container for plugins installation and JCasC configuration.
* `jenkins_agent_ed` is an `ed25519` private ssh key used in the setup.
*` jenkins.yaml` is a JCasC configuration file that can be edited to customize the build accordingly.
* `plugins.txt` is a list of plugins that are installed with the help of [`jenkins-plugin-cli`](https://www.jenkins.io/doc/book/managing/plugins/#install-with-cli).
* The `docker-compose.yaml` file defines two containers: the Jenkins controller and an agent. It then connects them to a common network, sets the private key in the controller and the public key in the agent, defines a named volume, and builds the image from the `Dockerfile`.

### Steps to run the example 
* Make sure you are in the `02_custom_docker_file_connecting_agent_and_controller` directory by using the command `pwd`. 
* Then use the command `docker compose up -d --build` to run the example.

> * You can login using the username `admin` and password `admin`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You can login using the username `admin` and password `admin````

> * You can login using the username `admin` and password `admin`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You can login using the username `admin` and password `admin`.
```

> * You can login using the username `admin` and password `admin`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You can log in using the username `admin` and password `admin`.
```

> * You can log in using the username `admin` and password `admin`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You can log in using the `admin` username and the `admin` password.
```
